than the title suggests. whoops. i have to say, i'm curious about the mod-downs. is this a dupe? boring? reddit users don't like microformats? they were also asked about this during their earnings call, and the same message was repeated - that they have no plans to do an os. but it really did bring me to the opinion that paul is oblivious about his own limitations. you've managed to set a table that all bashers of paul g can admire without putting any legs under it. maybe your wisdom is obvious to the other aren't we so smartfolks in your club, but would you care to actually make an arguable statement? the same article had the following quote: carl herkstroeter, the president of the united states says. i've tested half of them. and of the number i've tested i have disqualified one pit bull because of aggressive tendencies. they have done extremely well. they have a good temperament. they are very good with children.it can even be argued that the same traits that make the pit bull so aggressive toward other dogs are what make it so nice to humans. there are a lot of pit bulls these days who are licensed therapy dogs,the writer vicki hearne points out. their stability and resoluteness make them excellent for work with people who might not like a more bouncy, flibbertigibbet sort of dog. when pit bulls set out to provide comfort, they are as resolute as they are when they fight, but what they are resolute about is being gentle. and, because they are fearless, they can be gentle with anybody. the author made an argument against the pit bull breed in the beginning of the article and then blew it apart with some of the text quoted above. his point was that pit bulls were not dangerous enough to ban, the image of the evil pit bull was just an unfounded stereotype. just like the unfounded and useless stereotypes we have about what a terrorist looks like. talk about bragging a long long time ago 130kb was a pipe dream. and people back then wrote great software. better than great! anyone on here old enough to remember the trusty old c64, or zx spectrum? yip, back then they had 48 or 64 kb, and boy did they make the most of it! some of the later 3d games were absolutely amazing! there was a fixed hardware spec that stayed constant for quite a number of years - and all learned to work around the constraints and did great things. this is the award winning paper presented by larry rosler and uri guttman at the 1999 perl conference. while 7 years old, it remains one of the most comprehensive and cogent explanations of non-trivial sorting in perl. i like this discussion, but not the article. i wonder if it would make sense to be able to rate the discussion and article separately? random numbers are not useful data unless you have a link to the source and the method by which they were obtained. the problem is not the iq, it's the potential damage of following rules and, worst, infringing the rules or looking for holes in them to get better grades and whatnot. the potential of that is creation of legions of dumb people who are supposed to rule the world. summary of the article: utorrent needs no installation, has a 100kb installable, uses 5mb memory. has low market share but been downloaded 500k times since sep 2005 launch. done by ludvig strigeus in his free time. i wonder if it takes practice to get this good at talking to people why is that ok? i wouldn't claim to be an experienced programmer just yet, but i think i have enough experience to comment. languages that are purely xare great for teaching about x. for doing real work, it's optimal to have multiple paradigms available so you can use whatever techniques map most cleanly to the problem you're working on. in the real world, it also helps to have good libraries; that's one of the main reasons perl is still as popular as it is. i like using ruby for small stuff and common lisp for big stuff. your statement about lisp also applies to ruby; it's the most expressive non-lisp language i've used. good point, but not necessarily. we could continue generating wealth faster than population growth forever and still have the above be true. that generated wealth just couldn't fall into our hands. simply put, a multi-core processor has two or more computational engines within a single processor unit. the operating system sees each as a separate cpu. both intel and amd have released dual-core processors that are showing up in systems well within the reach of the common user. it hardly matters in this case. as they say, broken clocks are right twice a day. snorting coke off hookers backsides is probably under staff training'. so no juicy details. aside from the problems already stated in other topics - okay, so, with better self-discipline you do better in school. who says school performance is something that's important in life? just about every entrepreneur i know has low discipline, high iq, and was an underachiever'. that's right. useful software could be squeezed into the c64's tape buffer, which wasn't used if one had a floppy drive. that was only 191 bytes! i am sure you will like it, at least the photos! the design patterns book only applies to oo languages - so why do people keep bringing it up when talking about functional? it's like bringing it up when you are talking about car maintenance. it's just not relevant. surely people not dying is an inherently good thing? the point when complaining about starforce is the behaviour on computers of legal customers. that's funny - i use bloglines now and was wondering if it was worth it to switch to google's aggregator. does reader not measure up somehow? cringely says google releases these to the general public just to confuse the competition. gmail would have been their biggest success that way - a simple beta service run on a shoestring, that creates enormous headaches for hotmail and yahoo. they probably confirm these goods rumors occasionally for the same reason. given the growing pains reddit is going through right now, i thought it would be a good time to haul out this classic essay. corollary: people successful in narrow fields annoy us ordinary mortals by tending to think the considerations of their field are most relevant to a given problem or decision. e.g. i don't care how many features you can pack into a lisp web server. we put the server admins through three reorgs this year, and they'll all quit if we force them to learn weird new software.and america-imitating countries here in europe. i wish articles like this would include in what context this tidbit was revealed. out of context, it sounds smug, but who knows? yes, it's a person's choice whether to die or not. but you want them to make that choice based on reality, not misguided perceptions. the article mentions that thomas joiner's dad killed himself, and the implication is that he did so under the mistaken impression that he was unwanted and unappreciated. if he'd brought that up, it may have prevented joiner's family from losing a member. i would say no, not inherently. for example, if i fall off a horse and end up like christopher reeve, well, i will be ready to go. a tutorial that shows you a very simple way how to change the color and add some cool effects to your car. this is a very good way to see how a company logo will look on a car! in one phrase: epstein and his team note that overweight and obesity is increasing in america, but their experiments do suggest one way to help kids choose healthier foods: keep them on a limited budget, and increase the price of unhealthy foods compared to healthy ones. yeah, agreed. there must be someone reading that stuff this just proves that grades in school is no measure of intelligence, but of how much you play the game. does ruby's module system not scale well? how big is big for you? free o'reilly book on asterisk available at end of entry! yeah, it's not really a race thing, even though that's how mugabe tries to portray it. he runs roughshod over everyone. every time i see an alfa romeo pass by , i lift my hat. henry ford go nabokov. i need to actually finish ulysses one of these days, too. unfortunately, some of the best books require that you know half a dozen languages in order to read them properly. as intelligence goes up, happiness goes down. look, i made a graph.i'm not sold on the effectiveness of the rankings but it's still a pretty cool experiment. nordic design blog is an interesting design industry blog. premature optimization is the root of all evil in programming. - c.a.r. hoare i thought this was attributed to knuth. an absolute fantastic novel karma whoring comes to reddit only the most paranoid clients phone me in my sleep.- greg egan, quarantine i've always liked this one: the only advice i can offer, should you wake up vertiginously in a strange flat, with a thoroughly installed hangover, without any of your clothing, without any recollection of how you got there, with the police sledgehammering down the door to the accompaniment of excited dogs, while you are surrounded by bales of lavishly-produced magazines featuring children in adult acts, the only advice i can offer is to try be good-humoured and polite. - the thought gang by tibor fischer article deflating the hype surround the term web 2.0 and pointing out that actually this stuff all existed ages ago, it just works now. another excellent view of authentic eastern thought. excellent excellent! articles like this always seem to make people worry about the nationality of corporations. in 20 years, after ford and gm have been strangled by their unions and atrocious product design, there will will probably be car plants in america. they'll make kias and toyotas, be 30 owned by new york investment banks, get their raw materials from australia, etc. all of these comments are predicated on the idea that there isn't enough work to go around. that's ludicrous. work is the only thing in the world whose supply is unlimited.
