than the title suggests. whoops. i have to say, i'm curious about the mod-downs. is this a dupe? boring? reddit users don't like microformats? they were also asked about this during their earnings call, and the same message was repeated - that they have no plans to do an os. but it really did bring me to the opinion that paul is oblivious about his own limitations. you've managed to set a table that all bashers of paul g can admire without putting any legs under it. maybe your wisdom is obvious to the other aren't we so smartfolks in your club, but would you care to actually make an arguable statement? the same article had the following quote: carl herkstroeter, the president of the united states says. i've tested half of them. and of the number i've tested i have disqualified one pit bull because of aggressive tendencies. they have done extremely well. they have a good temperament. they are very good with children.it can even be argued that the same traits that make the pit bull so aggressive toward other dogs are what make it so nice to humans. there are a lot of pit bulls these days who are licensed therapy dogs,the writer vicki hearne points out. their stability and resoluteness make them excellent for work with people who might not like a more bouncy, flibbertigibbet sort of dog. when pit bulls set out to provide comfort, they are as resolute as they are when they fight, but what they are resolute about is being gentle. and, because they are fearless, they can be gentle with anybody. the author made an argument against the pit bull breed in the beginning of the article and then blew it apart with some of the text quoted above. his point was that pit bulls were not dangerous enough to ban, the image of the evil pit bull was just an unfounded stereotype. just like the unfounded and useless stereotypes we have about what a terrorist looks like. talk about bragging a long long time ago 130kb was a pipe dream. and people back then wrote great software. better than great! anyone on here old enough to remember the trusty old c64, or zx spectrum? yip, back then they had 48 or 64 kb, and boy did they make the most of it! some of the later 3d games were absolutely amazing! there was a fixed hardware spec that stayed constant for quite a number of years - and all learned to work around the constraints and did great things. this is the award winning paper presented by larry rosler and uri guttman at the 1999 perl conference. while 7 years old, it remains one of the most comprehensive and cogent explanations of non-trivial sorting in perl. i like this discussion, but not the article. i wonder if it would make sense to be able to rate the discussion and article separately? random numbers are not useful data unless you have a link to the source and the method by which they were obtained. the problem is not the iq, it's the potential damage of following rules and, worst, infringing the rules or looking for holes in them to get better grades and whatnot. the potential of that is creation of legions of dumb people who are supposed to rule the world. summary of the article: utorrent needs no installation, has a 100kb installable, uses 5mb memory. has low market share but been downloaded 500k times since sep 2005 launch. done by ludvig strigeus in his free time. i wonder if it takes practice to get this good at talking to people why is that ok? i wouldn't claim to be an experienced programmer just yet, but i think i have enough experience to comment. languages that are purely xare great for teaching about x. for doing real work, it's optimal to have multiple paradigms available so you can use whatever techniques map most cleanly to the problem you're working on. in the real world, it also helps to have good libraries; that's one of the main reasons perl is still as popular as it is. i like using ruby for small stuff and common lisp for big stuff. your statement about lisp also applies to ruby; it's the most expressive non-lisp language i've used. good point, but not necessarily. we could continue generating wealth faster than population growth forever and still have the above be true. that generated wealth just couldn't fall into our hands. simply put, a multi-core processor has two or more computational engines within a single processor unit. the operating system sees each as a separate cpu. both intel and amd have released dual-core processors that are showing up in systems well within the reach of the common user. it hardly matters in this case. as they say, broken clocks are right twice a day. snorting coke off hookers backsides is probably under staff training'. so no juicy details. aside from the problems already stated in other topics - okay, so, with better self-discipline you do better in school. who says school performance is something that's important in life? just about every entrepreneur i know has low discipline, high iq, and was an underachiever'. that's right. useful software could be squeezed into the c64's tape buffer, which wasn't used if one had a floppy drive. that was only 191 bytes! i am sure you will like it, at least the photos! the design patterns book only applies to oo languages - so why do people keep bringing it up when talking about functional? it's like bringing it up when you are talking about car maintenance. it's just not relevant. surely people not dying is an inherently good thing? the point when complaining about starforce is the behaviour on computers of legal customers. that's funny - i use bloglines now and was wondering if it was worth it to switch to google's aggregator. does reader not measure up somehow? cringely says google releases these to the general public just to confuse the competition. gmail would have been their biggest success that way - a simple beta service run on a shoestring, that creates enormous headaches for hotmail and yahoo. they probably confirm these goods rumors occasionally for the same reason. given the growing pains reddit is going through right now, i thought it would be a good time to haul out this classic essay. corollary: people successful in narrow fields annoy us ordinary mortals by tending to think the considerations of their field are most relevant to a given problem or decision. e.g. i don't care how many features you can pack into a lisp web server. we put the server admins through three reorgs this year, and they'll all quit if we force them to learn weird new software.and america-imitating countries here in europe. i wish articles like this would include in what context this tidbit was revealed. out of context, it sounds smug, but who knows? yes, it's a person's choice whether to die or not. but you want them to make that choice based on reality, not misguided perceptions. the article mentions that thomas joiner's dad killed himself, and the implication is that he did so under the mistaken impression that he was unwanted and unappreciated. if he'd brought that up, it may have prevented joiner's family from losing a member. i would say no, not inherently. for example, if i fall off a horse and end up like christopher reeve, well, i will be ready to go. a tutorial that shows you a very simple way how to change the color and add some cool effects to your car. this is a very good way to see how a company logo will look on a car! in one phrase: epstein and his team note that overweight and obesity is increasing in america, but their experiments do suggest one way to help kids choose healthier foods: keep them on a limited budget, and increase the price of unhealthy foods compared to healthy ones. yeah, agreed. there must be someone reading that stuff this just proves that grades in school is no measure of intelligence, but of how much you play the game. does ruby's module system not scale well? how big is big for you? free o'reilly book on asterisk available at end of entry! yeah, it's not really a race thing, even though that's how mugabe tries to portray it. he runs roughshod over everyone. every time i see an alfa romeo pass by , i lift my hat. henry ford go nabokov. i need to actually finish ulysses one of these days, too. unfortunately, some of the best books require that you know half a dozen languages in order to read them properly. as intelligence goes up, happiness goes down. look, i made a graph.i'm not sold on the effectiveness of the rankings but it's still a pretty cool experiment. nordic design blog is an interesting design industry blog. premature optimization is the root of all evil in programming. - c.a.r. hoare i thought this was attributed to knuth. an absolute fantastic novel karma whoring comes to reddit only the most paranoid clients phone me in my sleep.- greg egan, quarantine i've always liked this one: the only advice i can offer, should you wake up vertiginously in a strange flat, with a thoroughly installed hangover, without any of your clothing, without any recollection of how you got there, with the police sledgehammering down the door to the accompaniment of excited dogs, while you are surrounded by bales of lavishly-produced magazines featuring children in adult acts, the only advice i can offer is to try be good-humoured and polite. - the thought gang by tibor fischer article deflating the hype surround the term web 2.0 and pointing out that actually this stuff all existed ages ago, it just works now. another excellent view of authentic eastern thought. excellent excellent! articles like this always seem to make people worry about the nationality of corporations. in 20 years, after ford and gm have been strangled by their unions and atrocious product design, there will will probably be car plants in america. they'll make kias and toyotas, be 30 owned by new york investment banks, get their raw materials from australia, etc. all of these comments are predicated on the idea that there isn't enough work to go around. that's ludicrous. work is the only thing in the world whose supply is unlimited. i enjoyed reading the financial advisor's emails. it's hard to tell what their business relationship is like: frustration? disappointment? fear? or does the guy just feel acceptance towards ellison acting like a spending nut? anyway, it's hilarious. you can't blame ellison he's got the money to spend and he earned it, but what's the deal with all the japanese stuff? an interesting perspective, but one that i disagree with completely. people are happiest when their wealth is increasing, not if it is just high. in this way they compare themselves to their past selves. even the author is unhappy because he could not walk on property that the owner previously allowed him to. he mentions that in the us, average well being has declined, but draws the wrong conclusion, which is that everyone getting wealthier is the problem. the problem is when government prevents people from earning and keeping wealth, people have no choice to compare themselves to their neighbors rather than simply looking at their own progress. and finally, the author sounds a bit like a spoiled child when he asserts that people have a right to walk on property they do not own. how about a right to drive other people's cars, or live in other people's houses when they're not at home? it's relevant in teaching new concepts, especially in the bootstrapping stage. when teaching you have to lead people on a mental journey from the known, into the unknown. that requires words. design patterns give us a rich vocabulary of words, and everyone seems to agree about what the words mean. it makes a wonderful foundation to build on. here the author is trying to explain monads, an unknown concept, to a bunch of mainstream programmers. mainstreamers these days know oo and design patterns. so starting from there is it possible to bootstrap some useful monad examples? apparently so. i have read quite a number of monad explanations, trying to get a handle on how i might understand and use monads. this one did it for me. so i applaud the author's use of vocabulary. that maybe example got me past the blank stare stage. everything here is ganked from wikipedia - what's so difficult about citing sources? great story i second that. roundabouts are the devil. i'd take waiting an extra few seconds at a light over a roundabout any day. how about letting everyone see on the comments page? your karma is 97, doesn't seem so bad ;) it was a pleasure to burn should have been a lot higher on the list. the people at google are not idiots. the last thing they would do is compete with microsoft on pc operating systems. did you even read the article? 1) at no point does it say that america is doing better than europe. 2) the first thing it points out is that the cia was not involved in this study. boo-fucking-hoo. i'm more than satisfied with each of my apple purchases. i'm also more than willing to call them on their bullshit but i'm not going to make a retrospective of all the things i got burned on because i'm a bitter whiner. duplicate. maybe triplicate, triplicate lots of good free material on drummers and drumming. trust me, you are not alone. on the plus side, his science fiction is laughably bad. old stuff. surprised it made the front page. i read this back in 1999. and here i thought the article was going to be about his embarrassing articles on intelligent design. i don't know if many people care about chess much here, but katachess is really an interesting tool to drastically improve one's chess skills that's right a japan company called web technology has released a development tool for the next generation console sony playstation 3, and even you can download a trail demo so you can try it before invest in it. .. it seems to me that the problem must be that the confiscation and subsequent redistribution was poorly managed. i cannot say i see it as a grievous historical wrong to have wealth built on slaves back be redistributed to benefit said slaves descendants at large. of course, it is better when it does not have side-effects like starvation. on a slightly different note i find the white people mentality from white people to be quite ludicrous. if someone non-caucasian can't be bothered to differentiate, oh well. but really truly do americans have much more of a cherished brotherhood with russians, danes, estonians, italians, syrians, albanians, portuguese, and georgians then they do with malaysians, koreans, japanese, kenyans, and egyptians? i define myself primarily by my ethnocultural background, and find being grouped in with white people to be on the offensive side. there are lot of specific white people i find quite distasteful and reprehensible, and a number of mostly caucasian countries whose general trends i would characterise likewise. being included with white people', i really feel, puts me in some bad company. i expect i have more meaningfully in common with quite a lot of non-caucasians than i do with hordes of caucasians not of my own ethnocultural background. so, unlike most people it seems, reading about white farmers having their land confiscated does not arouse the least bit of emotion in me. mostly because white farmers', the way i read it, really stands for well-to-do descendants of wealthy owners of african slaves'. and my ancestors going back at least a millenium, almost certainly did not own slaves of any sort, and couldn't possibly have owned african slaves due to details of history and geography. so these poor, poor white farmers are nothing like me, though i may be caucasian, and elicit no fraternal empathy from me whatsoever. sorry for the long rant but it irritates me that there seemingly was an expectation that the description would elicit an emotional response. and it irritates me that from many it does, even though the most meaningful thing they have in common with said farmers is skin-colour. this list is great. i'm especially glad that it includes the opening line of the voyage of the dawn treader. it's been my favorite opening line of a book for a very long time now. get a preview of what the market looks like in your area. browse for photos and profiles at the top three dating sites all at the same time side-by-side. so now we should learn to do threading. details and facts are of little consequence in your world-aren't they? i might have considered giving it a point, but with all the nsfw passion.com links i'm going to take away a point. funny the reason the article deserves to me modded down is that it is very short, biased and uninformative. interesting if true. there were a lot of people there. i would like to hear some sort of corroboration of her story. you're absolutely right when you comment on this use of the terminology white farmers. it is a terminology either specifically designed to spur empathy, or, at best, coming from someone who has very little respect or concern for the specific historical issues that revolve around the issue. either way, it just debases the journalist who employs such terminology. in fact, ironically, the ones who do use those terms are just agreeing with mugabe's own distorted, hypocritical and demagogic point-of-view and manipulation tactics. roundabouts are easy if you use them a lot. here in the uk they're everywhere. milton keynes, near where i live, is a new city built with a grid system of roads, and the entire thing is done with roundabouts, no traffic lights. accidents are few and far between. my work filter flagged this nsfw. i pay for my internet access. every single web page i read is hosted by a company that pays for its internet access. both ends of the transaction are paying for the privilege. here's my question - who -exactly- does att think is getting a free ride? with all the press cindy sheehan has gotten in the last year how can she say that her freedom of speech has been curtailed in any significant way? the capital police is a creation of congress yet sheehan will spin the incident as some manifestation of bush's evil empire. microsoft still thinks it can control the market by sticking to the old desktop which they own. they don't go very far in supporting formats which will enhance the browser experience. i'm not the right person to ask about ruby's module system. i use ruby for small stuff because it's easy. ruby is great for the same things people use perl and shell scripts for. it's great for quickly adding some dynamic behavior to otherwise static html - like php. lisp is not so good for these things, but if something is going to be more than a few hundred lines, i'd rather use lisp. this has more to do with the strengths of lisp than the weaknesses of ruby. knowing that a breed has a tendency to be dog-aggressive means that you can deal with it so it doesn't become a problem; neuter the dog early, expose it to lots of other dogs while it's a puppy, reprimand it immediately if it acts aggressive. most dog breeds have traits that can cause serious problems if not handled correctly. you should know what those traits are before you get a dog so you can properly train your dog. there are quite a few tools that convert dvds to files that can be viewed with ipod. among them cucusoft, xilisoft and pq dvd product. looks like some new software has been released and claims to be up to 300 faster. probably not true i believe it's also generally known that it is easier to recall something if you're in the same state that you learned it in. i wonder if this could be used to recreate useful mental states. say, remember, as best you can, a time when you were very receptive to information before you start learning, remember a time when you were relaxed to help you relax, etc. malkin: in civilized societies, if you are offended by a cartoon, you do not burn flags, take up guns and raid buildings, chant death to your opponents, or threaten suicide bombings. you write a letter to the editor.on the other hand, if you're offended by a t-shirt, you just have the person wearing it arrested, right? not that that's enough for malkin it seems like you're saying mugabe isn't so bad. what's up with that - do you have information to support? i remember fondly the hoopla she stirred up outside bush's ranch in august. it was a comedic political quandary for the administration: they couldn't frontally attack a grieving mother of a dead soldier without abandoning the visceral high-ground they cherish. she was like fox news kryptonite. unfortunately, nobody got her a political advisor, or at least a competent one, cause she started hanging out with hugo chavez. way to go, you just alienated your moderate supporters and are now left with the fringes that would have been there had you never existed. hope hugo made you feel special cindy, cause you just took a big dump on the political capital that you didn't even get to spend. funny, angry screed on lousy installers. my first impression was that this article's green-screen terminal look sucks. but the text is kind of interesting :-) the cartoon-controversy and debate on freedom of expression, today spread to the rest of europe. fewer, fewer, fewer she's been hanging with hugo chavez!? you mean the guy who is giving away free heating oil to poor people in the us? giving away free stuff like that is just wrong, obviously communist and alienates moderates! let me guess, that's why you modded it down? it's a useful, interesting resource; modding it down is a disservice to this site and to those who might not frequent other social link sites as often as you. bicycle. most efficient machine. ever. ad i'd love to see what 200m bought in woodside. how the users interact with a system is important. it should be considered a design flaw if everyone is misusing it. microsoft behind the scenes as a member of the free internet community, i call for an end to att. what optimal said. she was only asked to leave', though, not arrested. so what? who in their right mind would want to live in a country where they can be arrested for their t-shirt? such a bad choice for the name. i'll bet most people are pronouncing it you-torrent rather than utorrent'. i'll give utorrent a shot. anyone have any negative points about it? i was pronouncing it utorrent until the article pointed out that it was micro-torrent. i'm also an idiot. micro clearly makes sense. agreed. it's missing: there was no possibility of taking a walk that day from jane eyre, one of the most famous opening lines ever. i also rather like ishiguro's it seems increasingly likely that i really will undertake the expedition that has been preoccupying my imagination now for some days.from remains of the day. and saul bellow has another nice one in shortly after dawn, or what would have been dawn in a normal sky, mr. artur sammler with his bushy eye took in the books and papers of his west side bedroom and suspected strongly that they were the wrong books, the wrong papers, from the wrong planet. ugh. this is one topic that needs more serious thought and less petty politicking: if you can agree with a fascist neocon on this one you should savor it. some of these palestinians would shoot you both as soon as look at you. negative filters: go to prefs and check the box next to don't show sites after i've disliked them'. then dislike anything you don't, well, like. and it's gone. problem solved. next? ah yes zippit': seems you've already found the solution: summarize the content of the link in a comment. if you're right and reddit needs summaries, then your comments will get lots of likes. excellent. now they need to apply this technology to home carpeting, furniture upholstery and clothes. or at least mine. in this article: apps in a browser collaboration and community search and maps the new web starts here widgets break out of the browser im via the web the new web at work roll your own service good call buddy to whoever caught this article. goes in tune with the 200 billion telecom scam and the att make google et al. pay for it's traffic too!! oh i barely do any web programming. no wonder i haven't really run into ruby. :) poor, poor larry. a single tear rolls down my cheek. software lets users play videos and mp3s and offers easier access to digital images. aww, but googlecola would be based on heuristic search algorithms of what everybody else thought it should taste like, and would probably be delicious! actually, malkin never said that. besides, the post is about the danish cartoons and not about japan or wwii at all. basically, a bunch of raving lunatics with guns threatened to take hostages over a series of cartoons. malkin suggests this is insane. you suggest that to find this behaviour disturbing infers that americans don't believe anything. remember that karma on reddit is not just about posting the link before anyone else does. how well you write the headline has a lot to do with how a link gets modded. it is amazing to me that millions of people spend their money on lotteries, hoping to win when all odds are against them. if you compare lottery odds against the odds of dying it becomes incongruous to me to ever think of buying a lottery ticket again. the feds have been pushing for this for years, and it always seems to fail. i'm not quite worried yet. it not theft if exxonmobil did not force customers to buy their fuel. so how is chavez giving oil to poor us citizens any different than the us giving aid to poor people with aids in africa? there's very little difference. if it is wrong for you to rob peter to pay paul, it is wrong for uncle sam too. actually very funny, but i don't like it. it seems like stooping to his level. severely curbed? you have a strange definition of severe'. you think disallowing protests in the house gallery during a joint session with the supreme court and the president is a severe limitation to the right of free speech? insisting that the right to protest should be extended to all places and all times is less than useful. claiming that the house gallery should be available for protest without restriction is an absolutist position that seems unworkable to me. i think it's to keep non-elected folks from influencing senate work in the chambers. obviously just outside there are armies of lobbyists, but inside only the elected officials are allowed to use their freedom of speech. so my take is that sheehan gets attention for her stunt, but ultimately she knew exactly what she was doing and what the consequences would be. indeed, comrade. if only the fat cats would spend less time greedily pursuing evil profits, they could read the history books and see how great our system works. terry pratchett has some good ones that are not on the list. what's a nerd, exactly? i don't know, but anyone who asks for a precise definition of nerd clearly qualifies :) and people think that israel can negotiate with people like this. sheesh. embarrassing? looks to me like he was talking about human interaction, emotional investment, and the herd mentality, and pulled no more conclusion than there is no easy way to untangle these arguments. take your dogma for a walk, dude. ruby is good for most any kind of high-level programming, but it's been getting a lot of attention lately due to the rails web framework. ruby also has good tools for scripting on just about any os, creating guis, networking, etc. it seems more like a list of the first lines of a set of 100 books the writer liked. many lines that lots of people would like on the list are omitted, and there are also some that don't seem all that interesting or cool when looked at solely on the basis of first-line-ness. a lot of countries have a more socialist outlook than america, you'd do well to not label everything communism. your play on words are very misleading, countries constantly give things away to the unwashed masses, for example social welfare assistance, health care, education. i don't know enough about chaves to judge the man, but i see one picture of him coming from the right leaning press, and another from the left leaning press. that's to be expected. the new ps3 dark sector is a third-person shooter where players assume the role of the protagonist, a modern-day superhero, you are hayden tenno that have the availability to morph into different combat forms . indeed, politics is perception and if people see a 15 second sound bite on tv showing how chavez is giving heating oil to poor americans i think they'll have a positive perception of chavez even if they are moderates. that's why chavez doing this was so brilliant: he's helping people who have been forgotten by their own country and the even though the leaders of that country seem to have it in for him. which is why adblock is your friend. this isn't really an article; it's a advertisement for a book, disguised as an news article. a blog, a blogger and another thing :-) gosh ruby fans are sensitive indeed, china's economy has been expanding at 10 pa. for the last decade. which is irrelevant to a discussion of the efficiency of a planned economy. china is totally hybridized w.r.t. capitalism and communism. to the shining example of the chicago boys in pinochet's chile? we have the same problem where i live, we have a sudden influx of people coming from eastern europe looking for a better life. it's obvious that these immigrants are honest genuine people. it's still hard to face the uncertainty of what your neighbourhood is going to be like in 5 years. it may be the best thing that ever happened, or it may be a disaster. one thing's for certain it will be different. fewer signs, fewer accidents c'mon! yes, what reddit really needs is for a link bookmarked while using frames to not be made unusable when the submitter deletes it. it's happened to me already. i think being thrown in jail for 4 hours is severe. perhaps you'd like to try it and report back whether or not you agree. there is no prohibition against t-shirts with slogans on them. that, nitwit, is the point. the police apologized for tossing her in jail. you're completely ignoring freedom of the individual. maybe someone else would be better at making my decisions for me. however, that gives him no right to force me to submit to his will. the article is short enough not to need a distorted summary. stop it. if you have great ideas, business concepts or inventions check this site out. it was new to me this guy has an interesting model of the world. this is just the first in a series of chapters. read, think, discuss. just watch-out for the kool-aid, it's some heady stuff. physics lecture? or social commentary? only time will tell. on an entirely personal aside, i'd like to point out that i really appreciate your comments on reddit. i imagine we disagree on many of the various controversial issues, but i never feel that your comments are childish or reactionary. reddit doesn't have a space for personal communication, so i'll take this one. i'd google you, but doesn't googleable. it is a parody of all those pixel-selling sites. a team of maverick podcasters have developed technology that stitches together mp3s files on the fly, allowing listeners to create dynamic custom tailored episodes. who better to make your decisions than someone you elect? applicable. rofl doubleplusgood, citizen! don't like it? don't vote for it! i don't troll. if we disagree, we disagree. there are individuals very reverently worshiped in my country as well who, on closer examination, are far less worthy than the average person's attitude would suggest. but maybe mandela is one of the few genuine heroes of incredible virtue out there. i don't know. comrade. you mean, doubleplusgood, comrade! ;) you are right. i modded it up primarily because i think it is fostering interesting discussions. this is an update from web design world san francisco about web 2.0. finally someone discusses whether or not web 2.0 is a marketing ploy. investing thru stock markets is never a win-win strategy well if the intention was to be offensive then they get 10 out of 10. if it was to be funny then they get 7. this is from a program aired in mid-2003. i doubt that 75 of americans still believe the invasion was a good idea. if this story had any basis then there would be a class action lawsuit rather than a 20 ebook. my goodness, what a pompous windbag you'll need your hip-waders to make it through this mess. mugabe and the idiots who voted him into power got what they deserved. lets see how long it takes them to beg for food from the colonial powers. wait, i forgot, south africa will probably end up paying for everything again those who know what commodore 64 means remember awesome game called galaga. bugatron is a cool 3d remake of galaga and runs on any pc. quite cool. you guys want to take this budding little love affair offline? wild animals never kill for sport. man is the only one to whom the torture and death of his fellow creatures is amusing in itself.'- froude investing thru stock markets is never a going to be a win-win strategy there are some things you can't share without ending up liking each other.'- j. k. rowling i never saw that before, so i'm glad it was posted. it is not new, but still a very interesting short read. not much to add to this except: good call. you're absolutely right. and you can bet our representatives up on the hill stopped stuffing cash in their pockets long enough to hear them. what about all the idiots who stayed home to protest mugabe's rigging the vote? do remember that defendants are always mr, mrs, miss until convicted, however obvious their guilt and appalling their crimes. . who said standards were slipping? you've just totally mischaracterized the american south. it's not like that here. i'd say only about half the population is really unhappy about the mestizo invasion', which has been important economically regardless. black-on-black crime is much more common than black-on-white crime. and if the mass media is controlled by an elite that's hostile to the majority, that would make it a lot like plantation farming, wouldn't it? pica's point was that the southerners of long ago would not have given up. the modern day population is different, and thinks differently. the now dead southerners would not be happy at all to see how things are. the interesting thing about south africa is that the people who decided to throw in the towel are still alive. when picking best lines', there's a choice. you can either pick ones that stand well alone, or ones that are powerful in the context of the story and pretty much meaningless otherwise. a lot of these are in the second group, but kudos on the pride and prejudice opener; that's a terrific book. i approve of such frank, honest discussion of important topics, race included. i do. to many, the whole discussion thread is practically offtopic and inflammatory, including your statement. and if george washington could see new york or d.c., he'd go nuts. is there a link anywhere to the original article that got the guy fired? call of cthulhu isn't really a novel. i still modded you up tho, because it's such a great opener. i'm no fan of fox - far from it - but it was gee dub that said it first, not fox. this is one of the more mature, fair comparisons of the uses of the two languages that i have seen here. the author acknowledges that there are many factors that skew his results, so he accepts that his conclusion can only be that ruby can be a viable alternative to java and may, sometimes, be better. i may give ruby a try knowing that it has its uses in my field of software development. i wonder why it was modded down. was this a less valid contribution than any of the others? or is there just a gregg egan hater in the house. rtfa. they document how the white house started spinning it and fox fell in line. entry about steve kubby and corey maye we have always said citizen, citizen. thank you for the clarification, but the article was still interesting to me. uhhh me. there is a prohibition on protests and demonstrations on the capitol grounds. it seems that the capital police has now decided that tee-shirts are not protests as they first started. ok, they've changed their story. i'll support them either way and defer to their judgment. even so, the expulsion of sheehan and young does not cause me to worry about free speech in this country. in the gaza strip armed gunmen took over some eu offices because of a political cartoon! the newspaper in denmark that published the cartoons has received a bomb threat. arab countries have withdrawn ambassadors. which of these two situations is better evidence of intolerance of free speech? agreed, malkin at best is a half-assed version of ann cooters. it is about amazing eastern spiritual sound ie - stylised mantras there is not a real difference between protestant and catholic countries in europe, maybe 20 years ago but not so much now. a very interesting idea to create a 10,000 year clock. to build the clock, a mountain in nevada was brought and the clock build into the cliff face. i'm not a big fan of the traffic circle. you should try it in ma! you're likely to see 3 lanes of cars instead of 2 =p google stock this post is somewhat misleading now as many people are now going to think that they are in a beta channel instead of the release channel. hopefully mozilla will update their site to reflect the change. i do not understand the theft accusation. exxonmobil made a lot of money because of a natural disaster. they had a larger market share in a market that had the same demand but limited resources. i just don't get where the theftwas. guy kawasaki is a fascinating guy and all, but does every one of his blog posts need to be posted here? disk space is cheap, but disk writing time isn't, is it? i was worried that would be the trade off. but i'm guessing my bottleneck is my internet connection, not my disk speed or ram. i tried the program last night and it seems pretty good. works well, good options and it connects for a couple of torrents i was unable to with bitcomet. i'm not sure why that is, but if it works, i don't concern myself with why bitcomet failed. it does seem like i'm connecting with much fewer peers than i did with bitcomet. i probably just need to mess around with the settings. as a thought experiment, i wonder what it would be like if instead of building their own stores, companies like a starbucks franchised existing coffee houses, helping them cut costs through collective purchasing power of the franchises, helping them manage their books, etc, while still letting the franchisees maintain their own quirky style. probably not as much profit to be made that way, but would it be viable nonetheless? similar to launch.yahoo.com but it's recommendations are based on song qualities as opposed to how many people like it. leads to being much less of a popularity contest. it's become my main method of discovering new music. next to www.pandora.com i think launch is the best system out there for discovering new music. people always focus on it's online selection of music but the real beauty of yahoo music is helping you discover new music. how do i read ppt files? very carefully. thanks. you're welcome. if you really want to though, you can get a powerpoint viewer for free off microsoft's site. www.last.fm rules them all! wow, looks like it sucks less. somehow i imagine that wasn't difficult. my miata can reach speeds significantly higher than is usually safe. it does so in response to user input, in a fairly predictable way. perhaps i should sue mazda. another music recommendation site in the same vein as yahoo launch and pandora. probably more similar to yahoo then pandora. domestic spying is as loaded a term as terrorist surveillance. if you're going to bash someone, can't you choose some better wording for your title. i don't like when i see my allies in this surveillance without warrant argument botching it so badly. javascript is often looked down on for how it is commonly used instead of being evaluated on its merits as a language. the more i play with it the more i realize how wrong i was in treating it as a piece of junk. anyone know where you can find a copy of the complete list? i tried google, but with no luck. we all know by now that you can't believe a thing he says. the way to get the best decisions made about running the british railway system is to put you in charge? kids would rather be the way they came into the world: naked. and as they adapt to the world of clothing, extra layers - particularly coats - add to their heightened perception of constriction. it feels like they're being really tightly bound, and it feels bad, i disagree. please tell me prez. w isn't this stupid! please? is what chuck norris exclaims prior to roundhouse kicking you in the head. db has become a millionaire because of newspapers. he thinks that they are finished. he may well be right. you don't see bush driving himself around in a beat-up ford tempo because millions of americans are too poor to afford health insurance. free version? downvoted due to the obnoxious back-button-breaking redirect, not the content. did anybody think to cache this? coral isn't working, and the site appears to be down. easy tutorial on how to add album art to you songs. chill out guys it's just a cool political simulation game that lets you recreate 2004 election. have we met before? on digg perhaps? fringe speculation - vince foster was murdered redux they have absolutely no taste and i don't mean that in a small way- steve jobs hmmm thanks, borga, for making reddit just like slashdot. that's a great contribution to mankind, too. hilarious just plain funny. these shot glasses are faithful reproductions of a winchester 12-gauge shell, terrific for a collection or for actual double-barrel enjoyment! yeah, it's ok. i told you so, the site sells cheap downloadable software. do they explain anything about the ton of bugs? you could just, y'know, not post comments dissing every article posted here. or, i dunno, make a point every now and then or something. all the people you listed have a style that makes their writings often come off as the absolute truth, true. as a critical thinker, however, it is your job to filter out any biases and extract any useful information and insights. is that too much to ask? i'm using this instead of firefox. it's just cleaner in my opinion. there's less in the way. plus ie just renders faster. wasn't 4k basic written on an altair emulator running on a harvard pdp-10 running tops-10 which students did not have permission to use for commercial work? gates was already a hypocrite 30 years ago. yes, that is a bit disturbing. i propose we go along with robert anton wilson's naming scheme, and give all kuiper objects disney names. so we've got pluto, ub313 could be mickey, and the next one we find would of course be goofy. no, i don't think so, why? i also have problems with what bush has done but. the title of the article is the white house memo'. the article goes on to say: channel 4 news has seen minutes from that meeting..'. what is this memo? what are these minutes? the rest of the article just quotes a book by someone who was not at the supposed meeting, nor are there any claims that the author saw any memos or minutes. openoffice.org has a freebsd version, and handles the .ppt quite well enough. open it with the impresspiece of oo.o, and then press f5 to fullscreen. left-click for next page, right-click for previous. note to myself - play with erlang's sdl interface! oooooooooold all illegal aliens are undocumented workers. these sets are equivalent. all people put under nsa surveillance are not terrorists. only a tiny fraction are. these sets are not equivalent. so, logically speaking, terrorist surveillance is not equivalent to nsa surveillance better headline makes all the difference although we should have caught the dupe in the first place. not bad, not bad at all i myself bemoan the level of screechy headedness that permeates american politics, but i'm going to have to disagree with you. when someone illegally puts me under surveillance, they are -spying- on me. yep actually i submitted this with a similar headline a while ago, it kept getting dislikes so i deleted it. i guess i shouldn't have given up so easily. and that's the art of maintaining code that wasn't written by you. suppressing the urge to run away or change everything. i have to maintain code in two languages i wouldn't have chosen for these projects. one choice was a bit of a design failure, too. but it works. and money can be made with it. the title says it all so is this available in the us? it's not free, you've got to buy it no, chucknorrisfacts.com has a pretty face and wants to sell you crappy stuff. ;) this could be an interesting development. i agree with him this wasted my time, because i didn't notice the article was out of date. also, it's easier to look at about:config than to go editing .js files jeez. so what's the website address? i'm actually not complaining. i'm just not sure how i like that. and i figure if anyone else tries to submit the article they will end up here. sorry if i ruined a great article but this is pretty big news not something you won't see elsewhere i really needed a good laugh today. google is your friend. cell phone tracking turned up several likely-looking candidates, though that's not to say he used one of those. make sure you have the google toolbar installed big brother is watching you and soon everyone else will too, it seems. what a bizarre and interesting article, but why are the articles in this magazine so long now that's sneaky: posting an article on reddit that on its turn links to a list paul graham and guy kawasaki articles hmmm great title you've for that website - i would like it enriched with daily news ;-) who are paul graham and guy kawasaki? do these names often come up here? it is sickening what the west is doing under the guise of democracy and freedom'. the cartoon is clearly offensive to muslims and should be apologized for. online books, articles and audio etc. from noam chomsky. it's even easier to track someone's phone than he makes out in the article. you don't even need physical access to a person's phone. if all that person has to do is reply with locator some other canned response, then all someone has to do is use a prank text message provider which allow you to send sms messages which appear to come from any number you set. obviously that person will still receive the original messages from the tracking service, but most of them will probably think it's spam. virgin in the uk are the only network not providing tracking data to companies like this. scary stuff. a cool news site your work treats you like a two year old. what are the languages? i don't want to bother. wow, how cool is that!!!! i'd never heard of sawstop before. the videos on their website are amazing! rotflol :) hey! these guys are ripping off - oh, yeah, jeff beat me to that post. remember you're theoretically writing this to the smartest, busiest person you know,that's not a theory in my case. i actually don't know anybody. if i manage to do anything real with common lisp one day, consider his point proven. until that day, the jury is out. i would guess that congress might be upset about so much of our nations bandwidth running through a single provider. also there might be some lobbying by cable tv to try and stave off the growth of iptv. personally i think that as long as demand for more bandwidth exists someone will find a way. short term this might cause some growing pains, but long term verizon will either put up more bandwidth or increase the amount publicly available. that and someone else could fill the space as well. exactly what i thought. i used to work at a subway as a teen. what exactly is so beautiful as a package wrapped like a sandwich? they must not eat subs in japan. democracy is more than just elections. next time i'm using a sausage as a push stick, i can rest assured that the sausage is still edible afterwords. this has been a major issue in my workshop. lots of brats shredded by table saw accidents. if they're so convinced it works, let's see the inventors fingers and not a cheap hotdog. flattery gets you nowhere, pandering on the other hand i think borga has a point here. looking at ie or exchange, it's honestly hard to believe anyone at microsoft uses their own software. even the old netscape still rendered pages faster than ie. exchange always was and is still rubbish! functional languages. careful that also makes you the dumbest, laziest person you know. morality is relative. there are certain things that you would surely find offensive, that i won't attempt to name. i'm not going to defend the controversy around the cartoons, because to me they're just cartoons and i don't care about them or religion. but if you're suggesting that there are no grounds to being offended perhaps you need to revisit your own views of morality and see if there isn't anything that is, or could be, offensive to you. as it stands, i am hearing your argument as i am normal'. what is taking something too far for you is not ok, what is not that someone else thinks is, has no grounds. you are not normal, or at least are not the measuring device from which to judge the justification for everyone else's sense of right and wrong from. paul graham has an interesting piece of writing titled what you can't say', where he discusses the taboos we have in western society now, and how in the future we might find those taboos ridiculous censoring. the ideas that are getting the most votes are tech related according to your statement, if i observe that the situation is far, far, far worse outside the us then i have no principles or morals because i made that comparison? not at all, you used that comparison to make the point that the us was tolerant of free speech. this is a bogus argument imo and it could be used to justify almost anything. you may not find it worrying that somebody is arrested for having a statistic printed on her shirt, but to me it's the sort of thing we would criticise in a country like north korea. the fact is that the us is seen increasingly as a threat by the rest of the world, partly due to these kinds of incident. that analogy is incorrect. the situation is closer to this: you and i agree that the string of written characters five represents the number of fingers on a normal human hand, but i think it is pronounced friv', while you think it is pronounced sank'. wasn't st. john of danforth clarence thomas's sponsor? not that i care, but for the washington post, the gop center is the girl that would be medium hot if only she'd shave her legs lose the ugly glasses for some contacts. what ms. gop center doesn't know is that there is a far hotter babe, sometimes ms. democratic leadership conference, sometimes somebody left of her, and that mr. washington post will drop ms. gc like a brick if the hotter babe is available. kind of a cruel game, and one that deserves to be made into a screenplay by neil labute, but amusing in its way. good government never depends upon laws, but upon the personal qualities of those who govern. the machinery of government is always subordinate to the will of those who administer that machinery. the most important element of government, therefore, is the method of choosing leaders. i feel that has quite a point, since past elections the demo part of democracy is hard pressed to have much more effect. oh, and i would feel very nerdy quoting that, but i haven't read it:) the second link is from june 2003, the first one seems legit. i notice death by choking on ham sandwich isn't included in the summary of causes of death feynman's own account of this is much longer, and one of his most excellent stories. you can find it in what do you care about what other people think?which is his second collection of anecdotes. the languages haven't been written yet. but we do have lots of good concepts which have been tested in languages like haskell and ml, which could really help game development scale better. functional programming is especially useful when dealing with parallelism, and that's one of the big things tim sweeney is after. sorry about that :-, islam is a religion of peace amongst progressive muslims. how many they number i don't know. i can't blame them for not wishing to speak out too loudly. amongst the rest, islam is a religion of peace in the sense of peace as submission to allah and to islamic law, for believers that is, and dhimmitude for non-believers. so, yes, peace is misleading in the liberal, western notion of that word. i think we ought to stop using the expression religion of peace with respect to islam. what else did you think it would save? i reckon there should be some kind of malkovich malkovich malkovich thing when you vote for reddit itself. seriously? since 1990? maybe i'm just completely uneducated on the subject. all i've been able to find on the subject is anti-libertarian, and i haven't been able to find any libertarian perspectives on chile after 1995 or so. no thanks. good analysis and realistic too. what you're saying is true, but my concern isn't with nationality of corporations. my concern is with class and property. if rich people do a good job of owning everything, median living standards could fall while net-human-wealth increases. we could be stuck with what a pakistani brickmaker would consider to be prosperity while 1 of the population controls the wealth. got all that. and i know what a pitbull looks like. there are people who couldn't tell a long hair chihuahua from a cocker spaniel. whatever. i don't see how a) relates to this topic. with b) you are right, but why is python more random than java? there are examples even for haskell used in successful businesses. so the point would be to standardize on the right platform, because if you and your competitor get the standardized-platform bonus, but you get some microsavings as well that's one point for you. update: see the guys in question missed out by a handful of runs but at least they have an equal chance of getting bank loans. yes, i'm joking. glad to know that happens to other people too - the figuring out what you're asking as you write the question in an email thing that is. does anyone else see the irony of that letter when you read it in context with the open source movement? no wonder linux caught him off guard - even 30 years ago he could not imagine giving software away for free and just look how disastrous that decision turned out for himi bet you he kicks himself about it every single day! true, that's why i posted it :d is there anything wrong with that? the title is quite misleading here. usa is seen second most negative from a selection of only nine countries; it's not like it were seen second most evil among the fifty biggest countries. interesting article, though. nice old article on portability - guru style :) hice cue graham's essay on writing essays. dude, cut it out with the ugly spamming. go buy google adwords like everybody else does. the book is from 1992. that predates the street lingo use of hater. simplistic enough to be inane'? one of the most infuriating things in software dev today? thoughtless meritocracy. hire the smartest 10.'if they're not real hackers, don't let them in the building.'if you don't understand closures, you're not a real programmer. what happens to the less smart 90 you don't hire? billions of lines of code are written every year by developers who are just about good enough, who produce software that's just about good enough, that just about does the job. so maybe they should be better. then we need to work to help to make them better, not write them off as unworthy mortals. i can think of half a dozen folk i've worked with who produce good-enough but shabby internal production apps who'd benefit from the rather basic advice in the irish dev network article. a real programmer is someone who writes programs that are really used'. we'd do ourselves a lot of favours by not using it to mean exceptional coder', master craftsman', senior dev', guru in the making really good analysis yeah, maybe the journalist's girlfriend never received a notification? you're right, except that they're both legit i was trying to show that the  had not changed in 2.5 years. i guess between 55-60 of americans watch fox news they're in good democratic company there: iran, china, cuba, pakistan, russia, sudan 1. people were offended, so the paper apologised. they didn't self-censor. apology != self-censorship. had a perfect right to publish the cartoons. offended muslims had a perfect right to boycott danish goods. 3. other major papers, it seems, are cowering out of fear of triggering a boycott and endangering the profits of gummy bears and german coffee filters in arabic countries.possibly; but possibly they're not printing the cartoons because they're not especially good or funny. a third of the emails i write i never send. it helps my thought process to have written it, but after leaving it open on my desktop for 30 minutes, i'll decide that it's either trivial, or should be said in person. small world i went to high school with that guy i've inadvertently done this many times. when i don't have time to figure something out at home, i'll email the problem to myself at work, or vice versa. it's amazing how different the problem seems when you read it the next day. all owners of purebred dogs can help fight cancer in dogs and in people! mologogo, alas, only works on the nextel network. it's funny how the whole article looks at how things are different now but doesn't talk much about how the changes are also making things worse. we may be making more money as a nation but the wealth divide is growing. i don't think that's necessarily a bad thing as long as people aren't starving but the home ownership numbers are going up even as median wages after inflation are headed down. the question is whether or not the unravelling housing bubble will take the rest of the economy with it. some comments are quite insightful. last.fm is very cool. install the plugin for your favourite audio player and it auto-updates your listening profile, then starts making recommendations. very cool. don't let school get in the way of your education. dad and son talking about internet in the year 2019 the question is. why??? the author seems to be up in arms rather about the secrets and not the successful'. this is fair game i think. that's the truth. we need to reclaim science from the dirty scientists and put it back in the hands of politicians. that's the only sane thing to do. they're the new tom peters, only less charismatic. megite is the newspaper for anyone interested in what's happening right now by intelligently uncovering the most relevant items from thousands of news sites and weblogs. hello captain obvious have you got a source for this? not that i have any particular reason to disbelieve you, but this obviously completely undermines the article, so it's a pretty major claim. you can have it both ways. in the us, the government props up the defense, oil, pharmaceutical, and technology industries. who do you think ad, gd, microsoft et al's biggest customers are? who do you think began the internet? pretending the us is a free market is a hilarious joke. edit: no it's actually not funny. it's just sad that anyone believes in it. thanks for the pointer - the game is very cool mine resembles a scraggly serpent of death what the founding fathers always intended. and when you work in a single-language company you are not allowed to choose another language for a new project. someone asked why google even used java at all? greg appeared to bite his tongue and then said that there are a lot of good java programmers out there and google hires a few of them. an attitude some of the more .. uh .. impassioned folks around here should observe. i wonder how long the author and his fan club will remain married. this essay reminded me of the works by professors, past their prime, overanalyzing the mundane to create themselves some work so as not to feel too useless while waiting to think their next great thought. and the government is growing faster than ever. big government is incompatible with a healthy economy, and it's just going to get worse. interesting read discussing the various advertisers and their goals for their 2.5m ads during the super bowl. also interesting to read what abc and the nfl do not want on the air, and who is trying to push the line. i like the colors he doesn't lean towards erlang. he specifically says he needs descriptive error messages. :d the disappearing one? maybe they're counting the bullets too. overview of how yahoo and google's core businesses work. he seemed to do okay in the software business in the end. yeah, and the great thing about standards is that there are so many to choose from. don't forget about all the dead standards', too. it's one thing to bless and rubber stamp some obscure specification as standard'. it's quite another thing for it to be effectively standard by the familiar concept of the adjective, that is, widely accepted, deployed, and understood. yet another one to the list of obvious-things-anyone-should-do. i am waiting to the blog post that says smart people shower, smart people breath, etc. maybe not, but i think the essential point was that we need a plain speaker who can present some unpleasant truths to people in an understandable way. bandwidth limit exceeded there's something like a billion and a half muslims in the world. that's a quarter of everyone there is. from a quick look at the census figures, 14 of the population in russia are muslim; 13 in india, 10 in france, 3 in the uk, 1.5 in america. are you really saying the majority of this enormous number of people are threatening unbelievers and encouraging suicide bombing? i can't believe this. i'm at a loss for words. well, this is one american who is saying, support denmark - buy danish! of course, the industry, forever the idiots, have been lobbying apple to raise its prices at the itunes store and even want a slice of ipod revenues. the ridiculousness of this request cannot be overstated. this is because the music industry is used to be treated like babies. i don't know about in the usa, but in canada the record companies get a cut everytime a blank tape is sold. does being offended give the offender's license to abduct, threaten and attempt to injure or kill? because in case you haven't been following the stories too closely, that's exactly what people are doing. boycotts, apologies, ok fine. but there are people out there who are looking to kill any random dane they find because of the weak association of sharing a nation with the paper that published these cartoons. like most extremism, it's the most specious of reasoning justifying the most heinous of reactions. so i guess fascism and communism are ok, because totalitarianism can't be held responsible for the people who actually implement it. false analogy. most fascist and communists regimes are oppressive and unpleasant. most muslims aren't suicide bombers. otherwise there'd be a lot fewer tall buildings and a lot more holes in the ground. i'll mirror and resubmit if it doesn't sort itself out tonight. from the picture on the guy's website i think he is the sad-loner type. maybe the us state dept will apologize to bin laden for the construction of the wtc. yet many people don't do this, unfortunately. here's another. this is just bizarre. i find the u.s. stance on this repugnant. i'm at a loss. this is the sort of free speech that is or rather was a pillar of liberty for the nation. what has happened to us? every government is a parliament of whores. the trouble is, in a democracy, the whores are us. - pj o'rourke this'll be a nice one for the evolutionists to explain =) but in canada the record companies get a cut everytime a blank tape is sold are you serious? can you verify with a link? - canadian in toronto perhaps the author of the article should take a good long look in the mirror and then realise that he is the dolt. we all know kangaroos are pretty special, but it's their lack of flatulence, or more precisely the lack of methane emissions, that has researchers excited.there's some content, if you can get over the snarky tone. which is a bit hard to do. my irony meter went off the charts where he said that the original tips were simplistic, then for his own personal top 7 tips for being a successful programmer, he says learn how to program well'. ah, gotcha. i was going to include the blank cds, but the links you posted explain everything. smarter people may ask questions, but i seem to remember the idiots that ask questions more easily. this woman i work with - my boss handed her a self-evaluation. boss said, complete this so we can discuss it during your appraisal.after about five minutes, the coworker asks, so who is supposed to fill out this evaluation? can anyone do it? i said, here. you give it to me. i'll fill out your self-eval. are you kidding me? she got promoted. or you could just unsubscribe from the service, given that, as kam0 pointed out above, it's a legitimate, straight-laced service which has been set up with combatting stalkers in mind. cheers for that. never doubted you for a second :). it's ridiculous that such a well-respected publication can get away with publishing this bullshit. i'm voting this down, for what little good it may do. it's only karma. i know the frustration, but it's not a big deal in the scheme of things. and i think displaying the exact ratings on both submissions and comments is one of reddit's best aspects. sites which hide what's going on from the user in the name of simplicity or usability or something are making a big mistake; in my view, the more information, the better. plus i quite like the idea that people are rewarded as much for coming up with an interesting title as they are for finding a worthwhile link. i mean, if your link is good enough, it will be voted up anyway, but a title can really help an otherwise decent, but not brilliant, link to get votes. it's kind've like charisma in real life. mobiles don't have dial tones. turing did start seeing a jungian analyst and developed a taste for tolstoy, but neither is an infallible sign of madness. priceless :) i would say that they sympathize with those notions. when you have people singing pop music about killing jews and children being taught by their elders the osama bin laden is a hero and that if you die while killing infidels you'll get 72 virgins when you go to heaven, then you are seeing a culture of hate and death. why is it that thousands of people will show up to a town square to scream for the death of americans because someone put a koran in a toilet? i'm sure that there have been people who've torn off pages of the new testament and used them to wipe their bottoms, but jerry falwell doesn't go on tv and tell his followers to kill them. we are dealing with a culture in which the agenda is being set by bloody-minded perverts who can count on the ignorance and bigotry of their followers. that is why i can say with absolute confidence that the majority of this enormous number of people are threatening unbelievers and encouraging suicide bombing'. that map gesture is pretty hot. it's not bad, but that's nothing to do with the score of my comments or the score of articles recommended for me. so this is another thing that both evolution theory and intelligent design theory is trying to say proves their point? how annoying. going to another point, id can be taught in schools as soon as they bring in some compelling evidence. the theory of evolution already has some good scientific support. countdown to the denial 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 i'll give it a try. the wasp evolved this behavior in order to ensure easier reproduction. it was probably a cockroach eating wasp that already went for the head to kill quickly. then by a freak accident a wasp was genetically predisposed to zombifying and then laying eggs inside the roach. then later on the behavior evolved where the wasp's offspring would have a better chance of survival if the wasp managed to control where the roach went to avoid predators. over time, predators killed all the population of that type of wasps without that behavior and voila. all your base are belong to ushas already gone through several cycles of being meta-ironically hip. and? the best blog of pixel sites. the wisdom of parasites'. sorta like the wisdom of crowds? el peor blog, quieres decir. the article linked to does not make the claim that unix is a programming language. this is incorrect, misleading, and sensational. cue graham's essay on writing essays. inspired by that, i have been writing an essay on writing an essay on writing essays. unfortunately, i haven't figured out what the base case is, so i can't seem to finish. it's all so very existential. we already knew this.. would be awesome if it had useful information instead of being a big advertisement for what is essentially note taking software. yeah, i was about to say the same thing the blog is a permalink, but the blog post itself has no permalink. future readers will have to dig through the archive to find the article. i am pretty sure we could just make it implicit that learn how to do x wellis a good tip for all cases of x. the officer corps is also being hollowed out, as younger officers quit in such numbers that 100 percent of those remaining are automatically moved up the ladder. for example, last year the army promoted 97 percent of all eligible captains, up from as historical average of 70 percent to 80 percent. that's worries me: the peter principle meets an organization with a half-trillion dollar budget and lots of guns. like lottery players? :-d the he is me. does anyone have the full text of the state department's comments? alright, that's it. we are detaining all muslims until we can somehow expel them, via a constitutional amendment if necessary, i have some questions about this. can you tell who is a muslim by looking at them? can you tell who is a muslim by dna-testing them? if a muslim rejected their religion, in this ethnic cleansing scenario, would she be released from the camps? if a muslim wore a green star and agreed to have all his communications monitored, would he be released from the camps? would children of muslim parents also be interned in the detention camps, or would they be separated from their parents? would you have to be a practising muslim, or would coming from an arab-american family and attending mosque occasionally do? if you think the majority of americans would be in favour of a policy of mass detention without trial and religious persecution - would you describe their opinion as completely bugfuck'? when you have people singing pop music about killing jews and children being taught by their elders the osama bin laden is a hero and that if you die while killing infidels you'll get 72 virgins when you go to heaven, then you are seeing a culture of hate and death. i think you're describing palestine and iran - highly publicised and exceptional cases in the middle east. you may be aware that less than 20 of muslims live in the middle east. these pathologies aren't exactly common in russia, india, france or the uk. i can say with absolute confidence that the majority of this enormous number of people are threatening unbelievers and encouraging suicide bombing'. could you give some evidence that the majority of muslims in countries outside the middle east - the other 80 - are doing this? it doesn't work for states with a single, at-large, representative like wyoming, montana, north or south dakota. it's more likely to be iwillteachyourpenistobebigger.com. really great stuff here. not the usual google videos up here. happytheman says: these pathologies aren't exactly common in russia, india, france or the uk. russia: beslan india: kashmir france: paris riots uk: july 7th subway bombings so what is your point? what a lot of alarmist nonsense. also fails where there is a meandering natural border. who needs more than 640kb anyway? nice pictures, the only problem is that they show how old i am. that's one company, and do they do it because they are legally obliged or because they want to so to appear non-evil? yes, it states it's a legal thing, but i wonder how strict each country is this way, and how violable it is in practice. probably nothing to worry about, though. a speculative look at psychology professor seth roberts as yet unreleased shangri-la diet, which is said to promote weight loss through the consumption of canola oil and a dilute sugar water solution. coming to this space: comments on the importance of picking a good headline. some of these are so prevalent in comment pages, you could almost call the post a duplicate. whoah! she's hot. wow, i think they flew in captain obvious himself to write that article. i'm waiting for an article about water being wet to mod up. i think i see a nipple there. some earlier attempts today tried to do just that. corante couldn't handle the load and boing boing could. if you could create anything you wanted, why not? i wonder what the policy on racist or sexist cartoons are for american newspapers? these things are not illegal nor should be, or are called for to be, but people seem to whine as if they were. they were, however, in bad taste by just portraying negatively and having no point in the process. the paper was probably right in saying okay, that was a little much, sorry about that and this state department was probably right in saying yeah, that was disrespectful without any point. because it was, and that's most of the point. by not making a point it becomes a thing indicating prejudice, not criticism. even caricaturing stupid stereotypes. it's not directly related freedom of the press, freedom of speech, nor suppression of truth. this is the funnies section, mild conjecture at best and inherently simplification - sort of risky in any case. it is not a report of an event that is under threat of having its truth suppressed, and no one threatened the danish to stop this or -bloody-else. at least, we call for tolerance does not sound like that to me - but apparently it does to some. maybe they should have been ignored, condemned. yes, the response was over the top, but that's how offense can work - perhaps how it usually does work. shiva, not shakti. there is a large difference: that was meant in fairly good faith, as constructive criticism mixed with some deconstruction of some ideas that probably deserve a good looking at, -and obviously humour. it's done in relatively good taste. so is, for example, dogma, which pokes plenty of fun at christianity, but does so with fair respect and clearly more knowledge of what it is criticising that most viewers have, and doesn't caricature much beyond the need of condensation into actual characters. the cartoon has just faith that it wouldn't stir up a shitstorm. not necessarily bad, but it's hardly comparable in any way. yes. i realized it shortly after i posted. i'd fix it if i could. sorry. ahh the old dark fiber rumor i skimmed the article. i guess i'm one of the unlucky ones who's too busy with work to read that article at least right now. not that google didn't make any concessions. however, a slightly restricted google is better than no google at all. what's the name of the song playing in the background? i had it stuck in my head a few months ago. novell has been polling the public for the last month to find out what windows-only applications, if ported to linux, would increase the likelihood that people would switch to linux. more than 10,000 votes have been counted since the first week of january. i agree. the marketing is often just sniping. of course he has to do what he has to do, but it comes across as testosterone laden aggression. and we wonder why there are few females in this profession. i bet they would carry on about things like this. hey the pre-trial hearing is set for february 15th. if i had to guess and that's really all i can do i'd guess that this sentence from the news account is the key to understanding the situation: prosecutors and kubby's attorneys are reportedly trying to work out a plea agreement that will allow kubby to serve his sentence at home.true, if you are a technologist it's the virgin mary! sell it to golden palace! why not five sigmas? seven? ridiculous and unreal marketing term, nothing more. what makes americans great is that they have the freedom to fail'. notepad being used to take notes :). i thought it had always been the poor man's emacs capitalism is defined as: 1. exploration of wealth 2. accumulation of wealth distribution of wealth is implicitly built in 1 2 steps. socialism is defined as: 1. distribution of wealth exploration and accumulation of wealth is implicitly built in 1. guess that proves the theory that average faces look prettier. i wonder what the first java programmers had to do when trying to use java at work. when i think of the first java code and examples i've seen on the net, i don't picture these programmers as mavericks. more like little children trying their sinus scrollers with a different language. tell us something we didn't know. yeah, right. i once worked for a company where the boss switched the development to java and xml because it was cool. one student who helped with some projects in the past had told him so every programmer can pick up common lisp despite the many texts that say only demigods should use it. what argument is left? still the task at hand thing? i haven't described any circumstances for such decisions or what the company is like i work for. do you know if i even have peers in programming? the guy is obviously very smart. but i would not consider acting arrogantly in an interview hilarious. i think they are all redheads that's so awful! the only nice thing about it is that there's one less roach in the world there was that one reddit post from a long time ago about that one guy who had like 1 million contacts in the contact database who would do lunch like 4 times a day and had aspirations of gearing his life around potentially meeting donald trump someday. now that's schmoozing. oh. well, that explains it, then. puffer fish vs otter is interesting as well and tomorrow google opens chain of free hospitals operated by google robots and powered by google environmentally friendly nuclear fusion plants. sigh, gmail just doesn't thrill me like it used to. 4 star deluxe hotel near oxford street, marble arch, business services for corporate travellers in a democracy, what the majority wants is what everybody gets no, that's populism, something practised by mussolini. a bit like a blog to me. interesting. unfortunately for id people, no one has been able to demonstrate that something was irreducibly complex. i don't see how could prove such a thing. attempts so far have basically just been appeals to common sense, which is not a good basis for science. this doesn't bother id people too much though since the they are not advancing a scientific explanation anyway. que? the intended audience has a brain. i also threw out my tv in 1995. believe me people, you don't need it. nowadays you don't even need it to watch movies. go rent a dvd and put it into the computer instead. the reason i threw out my tv was that i was a total tv addict. i could spend endless hours vegetating in front of the tv. now i spend my time reading, listening to music, programming and what-have-you. i can really recommend it! you can't have it both ways. on the contrary, you have to have it both ways. if the government makes pro muslim publicity stunts like this they get more room to manoeuvre when invading muslim countries. it makes it slightly harder for the cries of this is a war against islam to stick. following the success of google adwords,google toolbar, gmail and google talk, today google announced its unique new product google speak'. has this man really developed the third eye', as known in buddhism, myth and religion. will it for food well written asking questions is an obvious thing that many smart people fail to do, but something his article did not go into more depth about is why smart people don't ask questions. this is a problem in our educational system: we are taught to know the right answer and not to think our way to the solution. there was an article a couple days ago about a teacher using the socratic method to teach students binary math. i believe we could become much more productive as a society if our children were introduced to subjects by asking thoughtful questions that lead their minds in the correct direction for the topic. i haven't watched tv for a long time, because everything what they spit out is pretty useful and annoying. buy this and buy that.. blah i've read one article about brains and how they act when you watch tv.. they're passive compared to situation when you're reading something. funny isn't it. this is getting pretty scary. huge network in one hands. skynet!!! me, too. i still watch about two hours a week, when those shows are on and if i don't forget. one of the most pernicious effects of the television, in my humble opinion, is the extremely short snippets it operates in. they shorten my attention span, and somehow, that really tends to make me unhappy, perhaps because my mind just starts flickering around in an evolutionary what's wrong?kind of manner. the rapidly changing pace of the flickering screen is really disturbing if you're more used to things like reading books. the author has a point, but i don't see it as a problem of islam, the problem is with the general concept of religion. it just surfaces more obviously in the countries where religion does have more influence. it's interesting that, at least on my system, the four google ads at the bottom of this web page are for sales of . . . televisions! :-) helpful to anyone interested in jewelry. a very informative site for anyone interested in fashion jewelry. that looks fairly busy. i hope there'll be a way to disable all the distractions i don't need - one of the things i like about reddit is its minimalism and lack of shiny interface distraction trade;. i stopped visiting the msn india because of that tiny ticklish ad that irritates me to no end. i stopped watching tv when i was 13. that was right about the time we got the internet. college brought tv back to my life in small ways, but i quickly dropped it again. now i just buy dvds. life is so much simpler without two addictions :) i remember reading in the book hacker ethic: you have un-interacting family's watching interacting family's i'd hit it.one of the computer labs i used to go to had a teddy bear that you had to describe your problem to before you could get human attention. i think they called it confessional debugging'. i would assume that writing things out is even more effective. what i don't like about the page is, it makes statements in the words under the pictures without backing them up with arguments. this is in wmv3 format which cannot be read by open source media players. i want to watch this, it sounds funny. anyone have an open format version of this? cut the cable 9 months ago - won't go back for anything. we still keep the tv for renting movies and the occasional xbox session, but that's about it. with so many folk claiming to have stopped tv, i'm surprised i've never met another in person. i stopped around 1998. it was easy because i used to fix them - you get real sick real quick. let's hope you're right. i got the impression that the author of the text is at least as biased towards blindly believing jews are always good as the authors of the cartoons are biased towards believing jews are always bad. of course both views are equally wrong, there are good and bad jews as there are good and bad people in any subset of the human race. a comparison of thinking how to leverage the traditional core competency within company and the shift to thinking about how to deliver to the outside. to mine the gold that is outside the company. now compare this to tapping the community widom of reddit users? you are commenting positively on something you posted yourself? is this your own blog too? in my opinion, if they're so confident it works, they should run it into their own fingers, not a hot dog. great overview for beginners, and also not-so beginners great collection of smart quotations - don't miss the funny dictionary! i guess you will have to try yourself. if you only accept your own achievement as proof while at the same time refusing to try you can bathe in your ignorance for a long time. my thoughts exactly. i had read somewhere that the guy did test it on his finger, and i was hoping their website had that video. no such luck. there's probably a disclaimer, sawstop only works on frozen hotdogs. we are not responsible for any injuries occured while using sawstop.however those cartoons make hypocrites of arabs who say we should not offend religions. i suspect blood in a marketing video isn't going to help sell power tools. there are pro-violent and pro-pacific pieces in the bible. i'm sure the same can be said for the koran. violent people will use whatever they can to justify their actions or to convert others to violence. i haven't watched television in 10 years, but ever since then i've simply surfed the web instead i'm debating whether i've gotten anything out of that. as late as the 19th century, the koran was open to interpretation, too. averroes wrote a famous treatise about islam and science where he said that if the koran appeared to conflict with a scientific fact, then the common interpretation of the koran must be wrong. i don't understand how it works today. yep, just buy a dvr and you are game. how hard is it to give up a 19tv? but i guess the 13 one is better if you're going to be watching in a closet - especially if you also have to get a dvd and vcr player in there. actually tivo can make it worse, since then you will always have something available that you want to watch. my advisor used to say wouldn't it be terrible if tv was actually good? and dvrs have made his nightmare come true. the author is pro-jew would you prefer he was anti-jew? quit in 2003 because of netflix. happy with internet. if the arabs wanted peace, they'd use gandhi's strategy to win. the palestinians don't want peace', they want their country back - and that doesn't mean an archipelago of bantustans surrounded by tanks. i like the fact that you feel qualified to prescribe someone's philosophy without checking how to spell his name. deep. is quijibo a muslim that believes that or is he just trying to state the muslim position? when i read his comment, my first reaction was that he was doing the latter. you're still a consumer. why not try using your time to produce something? one little thing i wish to point out here. it's quite telling that this publication is using the poisoned term piratein reference to what these litigious companies are doing. they are casting an aspersion on a legal activity. frankly, i expected a bit more objectivity coming from an entity associating itself with mit i think these patent piratesare a fabulous conclusion to a completely broken patent system. by hitting large companies right in their pocketbooks, we will finally see some needed changes in the patent system. our well-lobbied representatives in congress will make sure of that. very important attention a dilemma. a decent article but i must vote it down on principle. title in all caps, you know. j.p., the inc. article below describes how he tested it on his own finger in 2000. overall his reasons are crappy and not really relevant to designers. i don't imagine one way or the other, in all fairness your making the assumptions not me. i know the muslim faith at this moment has been hijacked by extremists, but what i don't know is how many normal everyday muslims actually support them. this atleast in my case is impossible to find out. why do you say it's been hijacked? their violence is no different than that of muhammad and the immediate muslim leaders that followed him over the next 300 years. what do you propose they do? they are a tiny nation that is surrounded by a bunch of nations that hate them and regularly kill their people through suicide bombings and other assorted actions. need i remind you that israel didn't even start doing this stuff until the entire arab world tried to wipe them out in 1967? that's the kind of stuff they have to put up with on a day to day basis. your ethnic cleansing statement is way off, and though the israeli government does take harsh actions, it has to. it can't just stand by and be run over. the argument is pointless, thou shalt not kill is the 6th commandment. we can't accuse the usa or israel of following this rule when it comes to there treatment of muslims. we need a google filter man you have got to find out a little bit more about the social and political history of that region. everything to you is about my religion is better than yours. the fact is, these fanatics did not have the control they have now a generation ago. a president who lies under oath threatens our entire government, as he gnaws at the roots of our democracy. that's just meaningless rhetoric. democracy isn't founded on the absolute integrity of one man. people are imperfect. a president can make mistakes, and still do his duty to uphold the principles of democracy. best video i have ever seen. in what way is his ethnic cleansing statement way off? from what i've heard, the palestinians literally have deeds to large amounts of land in what is now israel,and the current government won't let them back in because the government could then no longer be both democratic and have a state religion. isn't this so? you would have done better to end with tanks. when you go on to make fun of the guy for a typo, you just seem desperate. how often are words used? poor guy. messed up for life for a theory. i think the reason the israelis don't mistreat the palestinians more is not just that they're afraid of losing support in the rest of the world, but that the country itself is divided. in addition to the extreme zionists, there is a silent majority who see all too clearly the parallels between how israel treats the palestinians, and how jews have been treated by oppressive governments in the past. a couple years ago, when the israelis were killing large numbers of palestinians, a cabinet member even spoke out against it, saying that the things he was seeing reminded him of the warsaw ghetto. silly me, i'd started to think i wouldn't upgrade for a couple of years. and the current government won't let them back in because the government could then no longer be both democratic and have a state religion. israel does not have a state religion. infact, much of the government is composed of secular jews. i apologize in my mind i associated ethnic cleansing with genocide, though the two are not synonymous. but really when you at it, israel's policies aren't that different from those of many other modern nations. ever since the us really got into the idea of nation-states, stuff like this has been going on, in czechoslovakia, yugoslavia, and several other nations where entire people groups were relocated in order to establish a nation for a particular people group. again, i understand what the israeli government does is harsh, but its not as if they haven't tried to make due with what more or less the un created. after totally routing the arab attacks in 1967, they could've kept those territories for a long time. but they haven't, and what do they get for trying to stand a middle position and giving back the palestinians the west bank and gaza? more violence. so more or less israel is between a rock and a hard place. israel realistically needed to be created due to the rampant anti-semitism that exists throughout the world, but now that they have a created state, they have to waver between keeping that state independent, and being accommodating to their neighbors - who more or less hate them. it's a hard place to be. it's in all caps in the page lt;titleist; too, so in this case i think it was just a matter of negligence on the submitter's part rather than an overt attempt at attention-grabbing. man you have got to find out a little bit more about the social and political history of that region. everything to you is about my religion is better than yours. i know quite a bit about the social and political history of islam, and there is no one who will deny that muhammad spread islam by the sword and that islam reached its peak through warfare. i'm not trying to say anything about my religion is better than yours', i'm just observing what happened in history. mouse - moose? shouldn't india be dell's customer support too? pretty good. cut you in half? you've been watching that german spoof safety video too much again. me too. i thought i had quit television, but realized i've just replaced it with internet. i definitely zone out in front of blogs and news sites. might be because the reddit community is still small which wars in particular are you talking about which the christian's war machines caused violent destruction? first world war? europeans invade each other's countries. not in the name of christianity second world war? fascists try to take over the world. fascists rejected christianity wholesale. rest of the world beats them. cold war? communists start taking over europe. west gets concerned and arms. no particular christian perspective to the war, except the communists banned all religions. vietnam war? north vietnam funded by china attempts to annex south vietnam. after a few years everyone in america gets tired of it and goes home. can't see the christian context there? the 2 gulf wars? over iraq invading kuwait and the search for wmds. again no particular christian endorsement. in fact most church leaders were quite anti-war. methinks you've mixed up christianity with the west. they are different you know. not every decision made in the west is automatically christian. i feel just horrible for this cat. is there anybody from the uk who can give us americans a better idea of the situation? is this guy a military retiree who lives in a military pension home? those are completely unheard of in the states. yeah, i was kind of miffed. throwing a cat at a wall is never cool, gravity or no. funny the islamic world would certainly have never bought these things in the first place: carlsberg and tuborg beers. danish crown hams baby back ribs, because they come from denmark. in honor of the latest multi-day, multi-site outage! you'd probably make google all do callisthenics in the parking lot too right? hmm i would love a us politics filter too. i hope reddit implements some kind of learning filter which denotes the kind of sites i always vote down could it be true??? used to love this mag, shame its closing it begins again.. this is pretty awesome. looks pretty cool. there's a principle of user interfaces that suggests as you make something safer, people start using it for more critical tasks, or in a more dangerous manner. in this case, i imagine we're going to end up with people who are blas around circular saws. that's not to say it's not an improvement. i don't get it. ten dozen centerfolds laying on top of each other? shouldn't this have been posted at nsfw.reddit.com?what gave you that impression? as far as i can tell it is just a series of factual statements about what the cartoons are depicting, no? sorry about the misunderstanding, but it seemed to me that you were coming to your conclusion about arabs agreeing with this stuff because the palestinians voted for hamas. anyway my mistake. gerrymandering can be a good: allowing two representatives to represent two different homogenous groups of people with similar political interest is more efficient than having each of those representatives representing more heterogeneous groups. however, perhaps if the representatives had to deal with the heterogeneous population they could find common solutions more easily. i suspect that would be a violation of the terms of the labor agreement after last month's strike. you can't be mass murderer and humanist at the same time. and what is castro doing in that list? no joke. i used to work at a lumberyard and was nearly run through with a flying piece of wood caught between the fence and the blade. it was a piece of cedar i was ripping. the blade got quite hot, bound just a bit and the 2 wide and 8 foot long strip expelled from the saw with such a speed that i had no clue what happened. i was even looking right at it, but the thing moved so fast i couldn't tell what happened. i found it lying 50 away. it flew nearly perfectly flat for 50', dropping not more than 1 over that distance. since objects moving horizontally fall towards the ground at the same speed as objects falling straight down, i'm guessing that for a board to cross 50 and drop 1 it needs to be moving like a motherfuckering tornado shank. my face was but 2 from the board, my hands about 4from it, when the thing went whoosh. will it ever be enough? this stuff gets posted all the time. where does it end? mac mini inside a cooper mini. mac mini inside a womb. mac mini inside a mac mini. this and that inside something else. blah. or they don't want to answer your question. i do this all the time. and how can we forget the greatest arab contribution: fermented beverages. a people that invented algebra surely needed some balance in life. the problem with the reddit system is the do gooder types that have this idea that you cannot criticize a link. say anything good about the link, but don't dare say that the link is quite awful. all those cigars - lung cancer. killer. i wonder if i see troll. it's a little unfair to call sites like delicious a digg clone', it's more the other way around if anything. cool list though. check out digg.de - a total rip off of digg.com, but they have nothing to do with the actual digg people. perhaps, i should start reddit.de ;) probably north korea actually the sumerians were the first culture we know of making beer. they were not ethnic arabs, though they were in the ancient near east. fwiw, it is against most schools of islamic law to drink alcohol, most of the schools that do permit it are in countries that islam assimilated later, china, malaysia, etc. saw my first motorized couch at burning man in 1999 old news. :) this looks better than digg and reddit. fair rating of links. i lived within a mile of david souter's house for 18 years, and can verify that all of the details, save one, about weare are just about right. that is the beauty of it. people make like or dislike an article for different reasons, but the good ones will end up voted up. this article has reduced something to a singularity - it's not so much about asking questions, but instead being engaged in learning. that's what you're suggesting. people who are engaged in learning take ownership in the experience. ensuring they have asked questions to fill in the gaps in their mind is part. that isn't something unique to smart people, but involved learners. i can't believe nobody's questioned the premise of this headline yet. i don't know very many muslims and non well, but none of the ones i knew were violent. taken literally, it's absurd to say. that muslims always, or even usually, resort to violence. maybe the person who wrote th
